## To get a detailed idea about Maple visit:

[Maple Official Wiki](https://github.com/maple-labs/maple-core/wiki/)

## Brief Overview: Maple Finance

1. Decentralised corporate credit market protocol.
> **Note** This is a decentralised protocol but not trustless, since we always HAVE to assume Pool Delegates to be fair and non-malicious actors

2. Borrowers can leverage their reputations to get undercollateralized loans over time. They do so by getting access to capital pools of different Pool Delegates after liaisoning with them.

3. **Interest Compounds**: Interest is accrued and reinvested to enable capital to compound over time

4. **Pool Delegates** carry out the entire due diligence. Lenders chill out. LPs (Lenders) earn revenue by claiming interest generated by the pool.

5. Pool Delegates use Maple to attract funds, crack good deals with blue chip borrowers and then earn good performance fee. But they have to stake a good amount of MPL-USDC 50-50 BPTs (Balancer Pool Tokens) so that their incentives are aligned with the LPs.

6. After agreeing on terms with a borrower, one or more Pool Delegates will fund the loan with funds available in their pools.

7. **Stakers** are MPL holders and deposit BPT as first loss reserve against loan defaults. BPTs are burned to cover the shortfall after liquiditing the collateral of a borrower. 

8. Concept of ideal collateral ratio, grace period, late fee and liquidation post grace period exists.

9. **Governor** is a multi-sig wallet that controls the administrative functions in the protocol (admin)

10. **Contract Instance Admins** or local admins are admins for a particular task. Eg. These admins are set by:
+ Governor in case of factories
+ Pool Delegate in case of a Pool
+ Borrower in case of a loan

11. **Protocol Admin/Global Admin**: Can call only one function, that pauses every outward facing function of the protocol. Called only when things have got really bad.